How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    The bug was not present in the old version, but was in the new version, so
    spotting the changes helped narrow down the search significantly.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Changes can occur accidentally and seeing the different versions can help
    quickly revert back to a portion of the code where the unnecessary change
    occurred. Or, as see in the earlier example, it could also help spot errors
    easily.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Manually choosing when to commit a version would certainly help save memory
    and also unnecessary bits of the code that is not required in the long run, but having versions automatically updated would help keep track of every version and avoid having to worry about instances when a particular version was not committed.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Possibly because those files refer to each other in code, require each
    other, or are part of a bigger workflow it is more useful to commit them
    together.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log would help keep track of all the different committed versions by
    giving a summary of the commit.
    git diff would help find out the differences between two different versions
    and particularly figure out something.
    ! I must find out how to compare two specified versions.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Version control can help easily revert back to a previous version and
    therefore any change can be tracked and sorted.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I would want to use Git for all my code because I would have to keep track
    of all the different versions in case I make an error or want to use
    something from earlier sessions.
